[Doc] Ray Debugging Doc Part 1 (OOM) (#34309)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-observability/monitoring-debugging/profiling.rst

Profiling
=========

.. _ray-core-mem-profiling:

Memory profile Ray Actors and Tasks
-----------------------------------

> To memory profile Ray tasks or actors `memray <https://bloomberg.github.io/memray/>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To memory profile Ray tasks or actors, use `memray <https://bloomberg.github.io/memray/>`_.
```

Note that you can also use other memory profiling tools if it supports a similar API.

> First, download ``memray``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, install ``memray``.
```

.. code-block:: bash

  pip install memray

``memray`` supports a Python context manager to enable memory profiling. You can write the ``memray`` profiling file wherever you want.

> But in this example, we will write them to `/tmp/ray/session_latest/logs` because Ray dashboard allows you to download files inside a log file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But in this example, we will write them to `/tmp/ray/session_latest/logs` because Ray dashboard allows you to download files inside the log folder.
```

This will allow you to download profiling files from other nodes.

.. tabbed:: Actors

>   .. code-block:: python

Reviewer: Test the code snippet in CI

    import memray
    import ray

    @ray.remote
    class Actor:
        def __init__(self):
            # Every memory allocation after `__enter__` method will be tracked.

>             memray.Tracker(f"/tmp/ray/session_latest/logs/{ray.get_runtime_context().get_actor_id()}_mem_profile.bin").__enter__()

Reviewer: The indention seems wrong.
